Congratulations on finishing the complete Node.js, Express
and MongoDB bootcamp and I hope that you had
a great time and a lot of fun building this huge project
and that you walk away from this course now
really proud of all the new skills that you have learned
over the last couple of weeks.
However, as you probably know, this is only the beginning
because now it's really your turn to put in the work
and practice your new Node.js skills.
So a good idea is to complete all the challenges
that I left you in an earlier section,
or even better of course, start your own project
that you maybe already had in mind
before actually taking this course.
Or if you didn't come into the course
with a clear idea of what you actually wanted to build,
well just let me give you four app suggestions.
So first, you could build a simple quiz application
which would be a nice place to start using your new skills.
Second, and a bit more complex, you could build
a forum application. So a bit like Reddit for example.
Then my third suggestion is
a restaurant management software
complete with menus, orders, bills, and more,
which of course is usually complex.
And so if you decide to do this one then really make sure
to take a lot of time to build it
because it won't be easy at all, okay.
And finally number four, if you want to go really crazy.
You can build like a fully-fledged social networking app
like Facebook or Instagram.
So complete with users, posts, comments, likes, et cetera.
So this one again would be a real challenge.
Anyway, no matter what you end up building,
I really can't wait to see your results.
So please make sure to share your projects
right here on Udemy in the Q&A section
so that we can all take a look
and maybe even give some feedback.
Now another thing that's really important
as a Node.js developer, and really any web developer,
is to keep on top of our ever-changing industry.
And I really know how challenging that can be.
So, in order to help you keeping updated,
I actually created a newsletter where I share
some news, tutorials, and other interesting articles
once per month. So if you want to check that out,
you can just subscribe over at Jonas.io
And now, no matter what your goal is after this course,
I'm absolutely sure that you can achieve it
because I've actually seen students from my other courses
getting real jobs and starting real careers in the industry
right after taking one of these courses
and of course practicing a lot in order to get better
every single day.
Anyway, let's now wrap up the course.
So it was really nice having you here
and to be able to take this journey with you.
So now, good luck with your new Node.js skills,
take care, and I'll see you next time.